# Take charge of your menstrual cycle with <Logo>POW!</Logo>

POW! will officially launch March 8th 2020. The aim is to
create a straigh forward menstrual cycle tracker that can't
be evil.

<SignInButton variant="contained" color="primary">
  Join the beta
</SignInButton>

## Your personal cycle

POW! adapts to **your cycle**, and **your interest level**.
You decide what to track by adding your own tags as you go
along.

The tags are used by POW! to predict what is normal for you
at any given time in your cycle.

You can also create custom reports (coming soon) to analyze
how the different tags play out throughout your cycle.

## Your personal data

POW! is a **privacy-first** app. You keep complete control
of your data.

Before storing the data locally and in the cloud the data is
encrypted with your private key.

Not even @raae, the woman behind the app, can unlock and
read your data.

Under the hood POW! uses the [Blockstack](/#blockstack)
platform.

## Who is making it and why

I am [@raae](https://raae.codes) and I played with the
tought of making a more straight forward menstrual cycle
tracker app for years.

The level of detail I found in the existing apps made me
less inclined to use them; it also felt creepy, a little
invasive.

It turned out my intuition was right.

In February 2018, the Wall Street Journal came out with a
report that popular health apps, period trackers among them,
were leaking data to Facebook Analytics.

Then in September 2018, BuzzFeed broke the news that several
tracker apps were selling data to third parties. No wonder
they want you to be so specific.

I decided it was time to make it and make it in a way that
even shields me, the developer, from you data.

Instead of promising you I will not be evil, I am making
POW! so I can't be evil.

### Open beta

POW! will officially launch March 8th 2020.

<SignInButton
  variant="contained"
  color="primary"
  to="/signup"
>
  Join the beta
</SignInButton>

Until then I would love for you join the beta. Just know the
user interface will drastically change and your data might
possibly be lost along the way.

As a beta user you will have the possibility to influence
the direction of POW! I am all ears :D

![@raae with a computer in her lap in a cosy setting.](/raae.jpg "Me: @raae")
_Me and my laptop_
